Doc 654 add reference to queues on branch configurations (#2392)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/branch_configuration.md

* `v* !v1.*` will match any branch that begins with a `v` unless it also begins with `v1.`, such as `v2.3`, but not `v1.1`

For more advanced step filtering, see the [Using conditionals](/docs/pipelines/conditionals) guide.

## Alternative methods

> Alternatively you can use [Agent Queues](/docs/agent/v3/queues) to control which pipelines and build steps run on which agents.

Reviewer: As with the other page:

```suggestion
[Queues](/docs/agent/v3/queues) are another way to control what work is done. You can use queues to determine which pipelines and steps run on particular agents.
```
